---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


My presentation for class is here -> [Godot](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TT8QbWbkWtDz82eXfcNyRk_Oe4h-3cZ-ateebo5SPhA/edit?usp=sharing)

__What do you think should be your first contributions to an open source project? Bear in mind the various ways that someone can contribute, and refer back to the webpages that discussed this if you need to.__ 
 My first contribution to an open source project will probably be refactoring code as a way to better understand the program I am working it withouth changing huge aspects of what it already does. The reason I believe this might be my first is because I went in diving last semester into a pool that was much deeper than I thought. This led to our group reaching many obstacles as we did not understand the structure of Godot entirely. In order to refrain from taking the same steps I believe it is best to learn how to swim from the beginning by trying to understand the basics before diving in. 
 
__What kind of project would be your ideal project to support? For example, a humanitarian project, a game engine, a part of a big application like Gnome or Firefox? Try to be realistic; given how much time you have during this semester, what is your goal__

I was thinking of combining my interest on working on an open source game wiht a humanitarian problem. My solution was to possibly look for ["Games for Change"](http://www.gamesforchange.org/). Games for change is an organization that concenctrates on "empower(ing) game creators and social innovators to drive real-world change using games and technology that help people to learn, improve their communities, and contribute to make the world a better place." I will be using the organization for reference in hopes of finding a project that is both part of my hobby but also gives back to the community in some way or form. 
My biggest fear with this ideal project is the time limitation. Last semester when we evaluated open source sofware, a lot of the humanitarian software seemed to have slow response rates. Because of this I believe it might not be entirely possible to do both types of projects at once but I will try my best to ask around in the community for options and ideas. 
