## Difference Between Cathedral Model and Bazaar Model

In a __Cathedral Development__  environment there is a small band of what can be called "Specialists". In Raymond's case he calls these people "Wizards" and "mages".
With this definition we can only assume that this refers to developers with experience enough to master engineering. What these professionals build
is planned and built with lots of thought before and during its creation. This process is also slow because of the huge amounts of thought put into it.
Many times in a corporate structure the risk for every action is assesed. The risk is used to decide on wether the company will take the action. These kinds of obstacles
lead to a slower speed of building similar to a cathedral. Also since there are only a couple of hired professionals, only they can touch and see the code. Regardging bugs, 
having only a small group makes it harder and the process longer to find and squash the bug. This leads to longer wait periods between releases.

On the other hand the __"Bazaar Development"__ environment, contribution is not based on experience at all. It is based on wether the contribution is needed and done properly.
In the bazaar no one has to worry about risk. Implementations are added because they work and add or fix the project. Also since there is no dedicated group of people that are assigned
to work on it, the motivation lie on individuals wanting to work on it. This motivation bringd different people with different experiences to work on a problem. 
Different perspectives can help solve an issue over one person banging their head until they fix an issue. Bugs also can be attacked by many people at the same time. 
Because of this wait time for releases are short. Work is based on merit and no so much on experience so that even a beginner can eventually become a master
in a certain community. 

Currently I work in a corporate environment and it takes forever to get anything done. Some people are too bogged down by different and numerous priorities. 
There is a hierarchy that needs to be met and you must climb it to get done. In the bazaar model while working with my own group and trying to buld a community, I find more motivation
to do work on the project. I can not only do it on my own time but I can work on issues that interest me. I can use it as a learning experience since I receive commentary on my code and work.
Getting feedback from more experienced people really helps me improve my work and want to continue to polish my skills. This is something usually not possible in all
cathedral-like environments. 
