---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### Issues On Other Classmates Blog

My [first issue](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/yizongk-weekly/issues/1) was on Yizong's Week 1 blog. It gave advice on fixing a sentence at the end of the blog. 

My [second issue ](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/mxmsunny-weekly/issues/1) was opened for Sunny's blog post for week 2. My issue includes some plural to singular changes for some words and a spelling error. 

My [third issue](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/johncgenere-weekly/issues/1) was on John's week 2 blog. I added a recommendation on removing and replacing a set of words for easier reading. There is also an issue with one of his links in that it does not work most likely because of the url ending in a forward slash. 


### Project Evaluation Assignment

The project evaluation was useful but I do feel that with the github UI it is a bit unfair to ask certain questions such as asking for 
the average date time for pull requests and issues. THe sorting in Github is not good because when you sort by "Newest" it sorts it by the wrong factor.
On the top it would sometimes show pull requests accepted months ago so I am not sure how we can find the most 20 recent pull requests. 
The best way to do this was by going into _Insights_ and going to the list of the most recent pull requests and issues withing the last month. 
These are in order but becuse Github only lets us look up to a month it sometimes had less than 20 pull requests or issues so I just stuck with those.
One of the best ways to answer many of these questions would have been by cloning the repo and running some commands straight from bash but this would have
taken a lot of memory and a lot of time so I didn't want to take that risk especially if the projects are huge.


Not all projects were on openhub or they were not updated recently so it was a bit frustrating. For example, the Netflix Conductor repo was not 
on openhub making some questions impossible to answer without cloning and running some commands. Github itself does not give us enough information 
to answer all these questions so it is very limited. Those with experience using the Github API might have been more succcesful which makes it unfair to others. 
Overal I still think evaluations are important but I could not answer all questions properly because of lack of flexibility in the _Insights_
section from Github and also horrible sorting issues. Overall I will definitely be cloning the projects I am interested in to evaluate them properly. But I did not 
think these were worht taking up space in my pc and learnign new commands for in a week.

