---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### Open Source Definition

According to the Open Source Inititative coalition, Open Source is where a license allows anyone to see the source code or eb able to obtain the source code through easy means, such as downloading from a website. It also includes freedom of distribution but also freedom of choice over wether program using open source code is in itself open source or not. It also is defined as a license that is active to anyone who it is distributed to without a required license add-on. Therefore just by receiving the program the license is also active through their copy automatically. If the source code itself is modified then the modifications also must have the same rights as the source code and cannot be privatized as it is part of the original source code itself. Also the license cannot discriminate against any group of people or fields/entities. 

### Free Software Definition

Free software as defined the GNU(also sponsored by the Free Software Foundation), has four central liberties that cannot be defied. This includes running, redistributing, distributing modified versions, and studying the program in anyway you wish. This even includes selling copies of free software. This means there is absolute freedom with the software with no restrictions. The word __FREE__ in the name talks about the users freedom and not about price which is why it can still be considered _FREE_ even after selling redistributions. 

### Comparison

~~The biggest difference between these two is that the license in Open Source software is void if the source code and even compiled program is barred from being distributed. This is a big difference because a Free Software license is not void if someone does do this. 
Similarly, if modifications to the source code are blocked from being accesible it automatically voids the open source license but not the free software license as it allows you to sell the source code with modifications. ~~
__Upate: The following was edited after our class as talkin about this subject helped redefine my understanding which was originally wrong. I leave my answer in order to show my changing understanding of this topic. __

For free software license it is more of an ideaology about what can be considered _Free Software_. In this definition there also exists they idea of __copyleft__ where all of the modifications on the original source code must also be free but it is not necessary for software to be considered free software. The difference between free source and open source in this instance is that the free source license label is not void as long as it respects the central freedoms defined.  



