### Communities of Practice 

A community of practice is just that.. a "community". After reading Steve Radick's article on community of practice it seems that this term
can even pertain to places of worship for religions(althogh I am not religious I will explain why I see this connection), community centers, and 
local community events and businesses. I was raised Catholic and it helped form my "community" and I undertand for my fellow Muslim and Jewish friends
it also serves the same purpose so I will include them as an analogy to describe CoP's.

According to Radick CoP's are:

* "People voluntarily spend time helping others in a community of practice."
  1. Places of worship and community centers offer resources and help to those who need it which shows great community overall. 
 
* "CoPs focus on adding value to their members."
  1. Community centers tend to use their resources on giving services back to the community such as a air conditioning for senior citizens during the summer
  or a public place for kids to play in. Places of worship may also provide these services although some also concentrate on adding more people
  to the congregation instead of adding value(not to say all of them of course). 
  
* "The success of a CoP is measured in anecdotes, efficiencies, and employee satisfaction." 
  1. This is a great way to rate a CoP and anecdotes as well as community member satisfaction
  were a way of telling wether the community (or in my case churches as each church had their own individual communities) was worth spending the 
  time to invest in. Many times some in my community would even switch to other locations because of anecdotal evidence. 
  
* "The members of a CoP volunteer their expertise to create new tech features." 
  1. Using my analogy sometimes palces of worship are used to spread knowledge in their area of expertise and many do volunteer.
  Community centers also have some classes or events created and hosted by volunteers which shows a great contribution encouragement
  in the community. 
  
  Using my analogy I understand that a CoP is very similar to a regular community in New York City with its residents. Just because you live in a 
  community doesn't necessarily mean you are a part of it as you can live in the same building as others and never interact with them.
  One becomes part of the community by engaging, contributing and putting in effort to maintain the community. If I had ignored all the
  elderly of my building, they wouldn't be greeting me everyday but because of the effort and contribution I know many of them by name and greet them daily.    
  
  
  This creates a sense of community in which I am warned about issues surrounding the community (such as crime or safety occurences) while I do the same
  for them by contributing information about technology when they need the help. Those that have been there longer or have been in the community
  for longer are considered the wiser and are more respected. Because they have contributed to the community (sometimes by babysitting all the kids in the community and other times by running building events) they have
  earned their place.  Similarly, a CoP online has to do the same. This helped me understand what I should expect of a CoP. Many corporate 
  environments, as I have experienced at work, do not always encourage this kind of contribution through their work. Although there might be community events, the overall work flow
  is not talked about on equal levels by all employees. Many do not have a say in the decisions being made. Seeing it as a "community" and using
  my community as an analogy really helped me break down the meaning. 
  
  ### Open Source NY
  
  Chocolate-Spaghet vreated [pull request #2](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/2) that added a boilerplate to the project. The group tried to implement a boilerplate but three of us, Yizong, Sunny, and I encountered errors following the README file. After running the `npm install` on both the client and server folders, we ran `npm start` in the "boilerplate" folder of Chocolate-Spaghet's fork, we got errors and were not sure why. Yizong requested a review from Sunny and I so we updated the pull request with reviews. I also rejected it because of the issue. Later is was conveyed that nodemon was necessary for the file so we agreed that it needed to be documented in the README file if it wants to be accepted into the main repo.   
  
  I also added a small [pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/5) fixing the file directory a bit by removing the `myapp` directory out of the `src` folder thaat it was originally in. I thought this was just a bit too redundant and confusing as client and server themselves have src folders. I think because we are starting from scratch figuring out the open source workflow is a bit challenging for everyone to follow. Hopefully once we get the hang of it, issues and pull requests will move faster. 
