## Musings on Open Source Software Business Models.

Callaway's article on OSS business models was extremely interesting. It opens up a new door on what kind of business some can start. 
Many start ups are based around new software, applications or big data. This article shows the wide variety of ways to create revenue with open source. 
I enjoy the community of open source and would in the future like to run my own business or non-profits. Currently at my job I do a lot of research for by
supervisor and this includes services for thing specific areas of interest such as data governance. Many of these options are offered under the _as a service_ 
umbrella. With many thir party companies it seems that the _as a service_ is a popular way to sell their talent. I think the software as a service (Saas)
model is relevant to what companies are demanding. Especially when some software miht be temporary, thir party infrastructure with open source software
is a great way for open source and hardware experts to maintain these infrastructures instead of companies hiring their own. 

Donating model is a very naive way to make revenue in my opinion. It is nice if one does not plan to continue working on the project and wants a 
revenue stream that they do not have to maintain. If this is true then one might not want to donate since it is not being updated often. Again it has good intentions
but it might not lead to the best outcome. I believe that the best replacement for this is the Open Core. From the way I understood it, open core is based off of a 
open source software core but with proprietary add ons that are not required. The purpose is to make the core so well done that users are more likely to pay for
the proprietary add on. This is also more likely to have customers who are loyal and love the program to pay for the add ons. This can encourage new features since there will be 
a money flow. 
