### OpenSource NY

This week since we dont have an environment to install we decided to try to add a few basic things to our project. Sunny added a code of conduct and 
information in the read me. I opened an issue in order to start the conversation about licenses. I also reviewed Sunny's pull request with his information
and pulled it. It was very useful and a good start. 
On the API side I have succesfully downloaded curl and have been to make requests through the Github API. So far I worked on the Authentication portion
and it seems to have worked. To make sure I tried to run the following :   

`curl -i https://api.github.com/users/repos`

This perfectly gave me a 200 response therefore I knew I had access. Now that I confirmed authentication is done I can continue doing requests and 
exploring the API. I guess in its own way this is our groups version of setting up an "environment".



The following are the issues that I believe I can fix:

1. Making requests through curl with the github REST API.
2. Creating a python or javascript file that makes these requests. 
3. Parsing the information I recieve and turning it into something that can be usable by the front end. 

Seems like there might not be a complete sense of where to start. Since there are no issues to work on like other open source projects its a 
bit harder to agree on a goal first and foremost. I feel lost since I was not in this Tuesday's class so I am not sure the direction the group
wants to go to especially with the nonAPI section of the group. I think the best thing is to set goals for each group tomorrow with mini projects that have 
no dependencies. Once we do this I believe we will be on the right track. 
