## Personalities in Open Source Projects Thoughts 

HIlliger's article was extremely interesting overall with a lot of viewpoints included which made it a great read. 

In regards to her description of differences between introverts and extroverts, I felt like I and most people go throguh phases
of both sides of that spectrum. The way it is written makes it seem as if there are aonly two options when in reality most people
experience one or the other at various times of their lives. Even though I understand that diversity should be welcomed in the community,
Hilliger explained it in such a perfect way that I think I will use that to explain to others why we must be more aware when trying to include diversity.

My favorite quote in this section was:
> Some communities are accustomed to being marginalized, so being welcoming and encouraging becomes even more important if you want to have a diverse and inclusive project.

I know personally this feeling of knowing you are unwelcomed and this quote helps put into words why women and people of color tend to get imposter syndrome
more than others especially if they are not used to being welcomed even if they are experienced in their field. 

The great thng about this article is that it gives insight on being a leader that creates an area where any person with different thought processes 
can be welcomed. Especially when it comes to smaller things such as planners versus visuals. Keeping documentation of meetings is also very "corporate" but having ti as publicly accesible
turns this proprietary characteristic into a community contribution. A great quote about the obejctive versus subjective is :
> When conflict arises, be ready to "believe" everyone—because from each of their perspectives, they're most likely right.

In many conflicts there is no right person. Sometimes its just a miscommunication or misunderstanding. Accepting both sides as the truth is a great way
to dismantle the miscommunication some may have had. 

## 25 Years Later: Interview with Linus Torvalds

One quote that stuck out to me was when Linus said :
>  And everything I did was fairly self-driven. So I don't understand the problems people face when they say "what should I do?" It's not where I came from at all.

I think personally this is a very isolationist view since sometimes solutions to problems come with many ideas combining together. Sometimes new people just need a mentor to encourage them.
Similarly to Hilliger's article, I agree that a leader of an open source community has to be open to all types of people and Linus just does not
seem like that type of person but that can be an huge assumption made out of a small quote so I will take my opinion as a grain of salt.

Also Linux does not need more people as Linus himself said many of those that started are still contributing. I wonder if the lack of new contributors has to do with an unwelcoming community
especially to those learning. At least Linus admits that "he is the _worst_ person to ask". Similarly in this article it seems that he is upset that he cannot say what he wants without repercussions.
I understand that the stress of being under the microscope is definitely a legitimate issue. I guess this makes me want to continue contributing as anonymous as I would never want to be
under the spotlight as Linus has.

These two articles were definitely polar opposites from each other and it really helped to view the old school mentalitity of the tech world where "we were a group of geeks having fun and playing around"
versus the new age mentality of trying to be more open as the community claims itself to be. 
